[Music]
[Music] then the Lord said to Moses go into
then the Lord said to Moses go into
then the Lord said to Moses go into Pharaoh and tell him thus says the Lord
Pharaoh and tell him thus says the Lord
Pharaoh and tell him thus says the Lord God of the Hebrews let my people go that
God of the Hebrews let my people go that
God of the Hebrews let my people go that they may serve me for if you refuse to
they may serve me for if you refuse to
they may serve me for if you refuse to let them go and still hold them behold
let them go and still hold them behold
let them go and still hold them behold the hand of the Lord will be on your
the hand of the Lord will be on your
the hand of the Lord will be on your cattle in the field on the horses on the
cattle in the field on the horses on the
cattle in the field on the horses on the donkey's on the camels on the oxen and
donkey's on the camels on the oxen and
donkey's on the camels on the oxen and on the sheep a very severe pestilence
on the sheep a very severe pestilence
on the sheep a very severe pestilence and the Lord will make a difference
and the Lord will make a difference
and the Lord will make a difference between the livestock of Israel and the
between the livestock of Israel and the
between the livestock of Israel and the livestock of Egypt
livestock of Egypt
livestock of Egypt so nothing shall die of all that belongs
so nothing shall die of all that belongs
so nothing shall die of all that belongs to the children of Israel then the Lord
to the children of Israel then the Lord
to the children of Israel then the Lord appointed a set time tomorrow the Lord
appointed a set time tomorrow the Lord
appointed a set time tomorrow the Lord will do this thing in the land so the
will do this thing in the land so the
will do this thing in the land so the Lord did this thing on the next day and
Lord did this thing on the next day and
Lord did this thing on the next day and all the livestock of Egypt died
of the livestock of the children of
of the livestock of the children of Israel not one died then Pharaoh sent
Israel not one died then Pharaoh sent
Israel not one died then Pharaoh sent and indeed not even one of the livestock
and indeed not even one of the livestock
and indeed not even one of the livestock of the Israelites was dead but the heart
of the Israelites was dead but the heart
of the Israelites was dead but the heart of Pharaoh became hard and he did not
of Pharaoh became hard and he did not
of Pharaoh became hard and he did not let the people go so the Lord said to
let the people go so the Lord said to
let the people go so the Lord said to Moses and Aaron take for yourselves
Moses and Aaron take for yourselves
Moses and Aaron take for yourselves handfuls of ashes from a furnace and let
handfuls of ashes from a furnace and let
handfuls of ashes from a furnace and let Moses scatter it toward the heavens in
Moses scatter it toward the heavens in
Moses scatter it toward the heavens in the sight of Pharaoh and it will become
the sight of Pharaoh and it will become
the sight of Pharaoh and it will become fine dust in all the land of Egypt and
fine dust in all the land of Egypt and
fine dust in all the land of Egypt and it will cause boils that break out in
it will cause boils that break out in
it will cause boils that break out in sores on man and beast throughout all
sores on man and beast throughout all
sores on man and beast throughout all the land of Egypt
when they took ashes from the fence and
when they took ashes from the fence and stood before Pharaoh and Moses scattered
stood before Pharaoh and Moses scattered
stood before Pharaoh and Moses scattered them toward heaven and they caused boils
them toward heaven and they caused boils
them toward heaven and they caused boils that break out in sores on man and beast
that break out in sores on man and beast
that break out in sores on man and beast and the magician's could not stand
and the magician's could not stand
and the magician's could not stand before Moses because of the boils for
before Moses because of the boils for
before Moses because of the boils for the boils were on the magicians and on
the boils were on the magicians and on
the boils were on the magicians and on all the Egyptians but the Lord hardened
all the Egyptians but the Lord hardened
all the Egyptians but the Lord hardened the heart of Pharaoh and he did not heed
the heart of Pharaoh and he did not heed
the heart of Pharaoh and he did not heed them just as the Lord had spoken to
them just as the Lord had spoken to
them just as the Lord had spoken to Moses then the Lord said to Moses rise
Moses then the Lord said to Moses rise
Moses then the Lord said to Moses rise early in the morning and stand before
early in the morning and stand before
early in the morning and stand before Pharaoh and say to him thus says the
Pharaoh and say to him thus says the
Pharaoh and say to him thus says the Lord God of the Hebrews let my people go
Lord God of the Hebrews let my people go
Lord God of the Hebrews let my people go that they may serve me for at this time
that they may serve me for at this time
that they may serve me for at this time I will send all my plagues to your very
I will send all my plagues to your very
I will send all my plagues to your very heart and on your servants and on your
heart and on your servants and on your
heart and on your servants and on your people that you may know that there is
people that you may know that there is
people that you may know that there is none like me in all the earth now if I
none like me in all the earth now if I
none like me in all the earth now if I had stretched out my hand and struck you
had stretched out my hand and struck you
had stretched out my hand and struck you and your people with pestilence then you
and your people with pestilence then you
and your people with pestilence then you would have been cut off from the earth
would have been cut off from the earth
would have been cut off from the earth but indeed for this purpose I have
but indeed for this purpose I have
but indeed for this purpose I have raised you up that I may show my power
raised you up that I may show my power
raised you up that I may show my power in you and that my name may be declared
in you and that my name may be declared
in you and that my name may be declared in all the earth as yet you exalt
in all the earth as yet you exalt
in all the earth as yet you exalt yourself against my people in that you
yourself against my people in that you
yourself against my people in that you will not let them go
will not let them go
will not let them go behold tomorrow about this time I will
behold tomorrow about this time I will
behold tomorrow about this time I will cause very heavy hail to rain down such
cause very heavy hail to rain down such
cause very heavy hail to rain down such as has not been in Egypt since its
as has not been in Egypt since its
as has not been in Egypt since its founding until now
founding until now
founding until now therefore send now and gather your
therefore send now and gather your
therefore send now and gather your livestock and all that you have in field
livestock and all that you have in field
livestock and all that you have in field for the hail shall come down on every
for the hail shall come down on every
for the hail shall come down on every man and every animal which is found in
man and every animal which is found in
man and every animal which is found in the field and is not brought home and
the field and is not brought home and
the field and is not brought home and they shall die
they shall die
they shall die he who feared the word of the Lord among
he who feared the word of the Lord among
he who feared the word of the Lord among the servants of Pharaoh made his
the servants of Pharaoh made his
the servants of Pharaoh made his servants and his livestock flee to the
servants and his livestock flee to the
servants and his livestock flee to the houses but he who did not regard the
houses but he who did not regard the
houses but he who did not regard the word of her Lord left his servants in
word of her Lord left his servants in
word of her Lord left his servants in his livestock in the field then the Lord
his livestock in the field then the Lord
his livestock in the field then the Lord said to Moses stretch out your hand
said to Moses stretch out your hand
said to Moses stretch out your hand toward heaven that there may be hail in
toward heaven that there may be hail in
toward heaven that there may be hail in all the land of Egypt on man on beast
all the land of Egypt on man on beast
all the land of Egypt on man on beast and on every herb of the field
and on every herb of the field
and on every herb of the field throughout the land of Egypt and Moses
throughout the land of Egypt and Moses
throughout the land of Egypt and Moses stretched out his rod toward heaven
thoughts and thunder and hail and fire
thoughts and thunder and hail and fire darted to the ground
[Music]
[Music] the Lord rained hail on the land of
the Lord rained hail on the land of
the Lord rained hail on the land of Egypt so there was hail and fire mingled
Egypt so there was hail and fire mingled
Egypt so there was hail and fire mingled with the hail
with the hail
with the hail so very heavy but there was none like
so very heavy but there was none like
so very heavy but there was none like lead in all the land of Egypt since it
lead in all the land of Egypt since it
lead in all the land of Egypt since it became a nation the hail struck
became a nation the hail struck
became a nation the hail struck throughout the whole land of Egypt all
throughout the whole land of Egypt all
throughout the whole land of Egypt all that was in the fear of both man and
that was in the fear of both man and
that was in the fear of both man and beast and the hail struck every herb of
beast and the hail struck every herb of
beast and the hail struck every herb of the field and grow every tree of the
the field and grow every tree of the
the field and grow every tree of the only in the land of goshen where the
only in the land of goshen where the
only in the land of goshen where the children of israel were there was no
children of israel were there was no
children of israel were there was no hair and Ferrer sent and called for
hair and Ferrer sent and called for
hair and Ferrer sent and called for Moses Annette I have sinned this time
the Lord is righteous and my people and
the Lord is righteous and my people and I are wicked treat the Lord but there
I are wicked treat the Lord but there
I are wicked treat the Lord but there may be no more mighty thundering in hell
may be no more mighty thundering in hell
may be no more mighty thundering in hell for it is enough
I will let you go
I will let you go you should stay no longer
as soon as I have gone out of the city I
as soon as I have gone out of the city I will spread out my hands to the Lord the
will spread out my hands to the Lord the
will spread out my hands to the Lord the Thunder will cease and there will be no
Thunder will cease and there will be no
Thunder will cease and there will be no more hail that you may know that the
more hail that you may know that the
more hail that you may know that the earth is the Lord's but as free and your
earth is the Lord's but as free and your
earth is the Lord's but as free and your servants I know that you will not yet
servants I know that you will not yet
servants I know that you will not yet fear the Lord God
now the flax and the barley was struck
now the flax and the barley was struck for the barley was in the head and the
for the barley was in the head and the
for the barley was in the head and the flax was in bad but the wheat and the
flax was in bad but the wheat and the
flax was in bad but the wheat and the spelt were not strong for they are late
spelt were not strong for they are late
spelt were not strong for they are late clumps so Moses went out of the city
clumps so Moses went out of the city
clumps so Moses went out of the city from Pharaoh and spread out his hands to
from Pharaoh and spread out his hands to
from Pharaoh and spread out his hands to the Lord
and the thunder and the hail ceased and
and the thunder and the hail ceased and the rain was not poured on the earth
and when Faris saw the pur rain the hail
and when Faris saw the pur rain the hail and the Thunder had ceased he sinned yet
and the Thunder had ceased he sinned yet
and the Thunder had ceased he sinned yet more and he hardened his heart he and
more and he hardened his heart he and
more and he hardened his heart he and his cells so the heart of fare was hard
his cells so the heart of fare was hard
his cells so the heart of fare was hard neither would he let the children of
neither would he let the children of
neither would he let the children of Israel go as the Lord had spoken by
Israel go as the Lord had spoken by
Israel go as the Lord had spoken by Moses